- Oh funny was easier to see it yeah you
need to get yourself some power hooks
from eBay Oh supplies your hands to
press from you cut the chair to that
length
see that what you'd put cheering like
that just fill that you bring it forward
to the food they got one snap clip on
here on stuff clip on here those may
what you need to do is you need to fit
once you've got your your how you though
you about you're happy with you need to
fit snap clip to one of the links there
and you've got to connect it to this
this link here yeah so there you go once
you've got your jet in place that got
your hooks where you want it and you've
got your hook clip can you see that it's
nicely solid ow
phallic won't you go yolks on that we
nice and solid but as it is chains ain't
gonna slip you can have this a mind it's
not going to go anywhere so what we need
to do now is attach the powerful tool
the power hook to the dumbbell these are
really just literally like this put the
hook like that underneath literally it's
it's attached it's not going nowhere and
that's it so what you need to do after
you've done this is you need to put the
power hooks onto the ends of your chairs
so that there are suspended in here
yeah screwby with that hero what we're
gonna do is just attach it to the hose
Cheers
just like that
so for this
suspended that way you get a water
pressure on it's literally gonna be a
kiss
when you finish your sack just bring
them down I'm usually practically
everywhere
using the power makes a lot easier to
press the dumbbells you have to keep
them off in our last year so she'll do
it from the front view it's not why I
usually doing like this up I can see
what's going on in the mirror and also I
feel this position actually gives me a
bit more freedom with the Ox so I show a
lot of the dumbbells up with a heavy
weight for me
this is working pretty then my top enter
we have the minute but some people can
do a lot more there's a big need to use
hogs well I just show you
so said about to keep them off I have to
do is really just so much I'm going to
swing it up when you ready to press up
that's how you sell power up through
June to Farmer spotting system Josh to
kick your gun belt off the floor it's a
lot safer
no no Straley relax just off you go I
relative check this out make sure not
not that expensive the ups alike 40 quid
but you can use it for things like him
don't press on that which I'll I'll show
you another video this has been my face
like narrative slash how-to video so
feel free to give me some feedback and
also I laugh at my mic our video in
technique and like my terrible narrative
and that's about it